Change Dockerfile and SSH key credential type (#498)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: ssh/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.0.0 - Upgrade the Dockerfile and change the SSH key credential type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.0 - Upgrade the plugin runtime to `komand/python-3-37-plugin` and run as least-privileged user | Change the SSH key credential type to `credential_secret_key` to skip PEM validation in the product UI
```
